Typos in a couple of READMEs (#140)
w3c-ccg/traceability-vocab: packages/traceability-schemas/README.md

This module contains all the JSON Schema used to build the traceability vocab.

It also contains all the programatic update code for automatically generating the resources used to produce the traceability spec.

If you are just adding vocabulary items, you should only ever need to:
- Create a JSON schema definition in the `schemas` folder. The schema JSON file should be named to match the type.
- Create a corresponding generator for known "good" data in the `src/generators/` folder.  The generator file name should be identical to the corresponding schema, with an extension and filetype of `.js`

> Schemas should be named simply, and defined at a high a level as is reasonable.  Words such as 'credential' are redundant and should not be included in schema names.  e.g. a good schema name is `Product` for a type that represents data about a "product".  a BAD example would be `ProductCredential`.  A good sub-type that extends product with properties specific to some certain market would be `OrganicProduct`, assuming that an `OrganicProduct` had some specific attributes that are not represented in `Product`.  if the parent type accurately describes all attributes that are required, then a sub-type should not be created. If the only difference is a need to specify that the item is some specific "type" (in human english language meaning) of "Organic Product", then consideration should be given to adding a field to `Product` that specifies the "product type", such as `Product.productType`.  This prevents duplicate redundant objects and allows for sane querying and business rules handling off of common objects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schemas should be named simply, and defined at a high a level as is reasonable.  Words such as 'credential' are redundant and should not be included in schema names.  For instance, a good schema name for a type that represents data about a "product" is `Product`; a BAD example would be `ProductCredential`.  A good sub-type that extends `Product` with properties specific to some certain market would be `OrganicProduct`, assuming that an `OrganicProduct` had some specific attributes that are not represented in `Product`.  If the parent type accurately describes all attributes that are required, then a sub-type should not be created. If the only difference is a need to specify that the item is some specific "type" (in human english language meaning) of "Organic Product", then consideration should be given to adding a field to `Product` that specifies the "product type", such as `Product.productType`.  This prevents duplicate redundant objects and allows for sane querying and business rules handling of common objects. 
```
